docs(usage-guidelines): init wo2 (#1020)
ec-europa/europa-component-library: src/website/src/pages/ec/page-structure/footer/docs/usage.mdx

---
title: Usage
order: 1
---

import { Paragraph } from '@ecl/website-components';

<Paragraph size="lead">

>   The footer is present on every page under ec.europa.eu. It provides

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  The footer is included in the last part of every page on a website.
```

Author: The original sentence seems clearer.
"on a website" is too vague what website? any website? the original sentence clearly mention "every page under ec.europa.eu"
